Q:Which of these is NOT part of the NIST password guidelines?
A:Passwords must contain at least one uppercase character, one digit, and one special character
0:Don't force users to change passwords periodically
0:Allow passwords to be copy-pasted into password fields
0:Passwords must contain at least 8 characters
Q:What is the safest way to store passwords in a database?
A:As a hash of the password that has also been salted (and possibly peppered)
0:As an encryption of the password
0:As a plaintext of the password
0:As a plaintext of the password written in reverse
Q:What is the MOST effective way to prevent someone from retrieving sensitive information from a hard drive that has been disposed of?
A:Physically destroy the hard drive
0:Dispose of it somewhere that is well hidden
0:Delete the files it contains by moving them all to the recycling bin first
0:Dipose of it along with all of your household garbage
Q:What type of attack are cryptographic schemes NOT good at protecting against?
A:Rubber hose attack
0:Brute force attack
0:Man in the middle attack
0:Replay attack
Q:Which of these is NOT a method used in password storage?
A:Ketchup
0:Salt
0:Pepper
0:Hash
Q:Phishing is an example of what type of attack?
A:Social engineering
0:Ransomware
0:Spyware
0:Adware
Q:Who should be granted access to root permissions?
A:Only the most trustworthy users
0:Everyone
0:Only people who ask for it
0:Your friends
Q:What type of malware aims to gather information about a target's activities on their device?
A:Spyware
0:Ransomware
0:Adware
0:Scareware
Q:What is the name of Canada's private-sector privacy law?
A:PIPEDA
0:CPSPL
0:CanPriv
0:Privacy Canada
Q:Which of these browsers is the best for privacy?
A:Tor
0:Firefox
0:Safari
0:Google Chrome
Q:Which of these is NOT part of Canadian Privacy Law?
A:Information must not be accessible to anyone outside of the collectors, including those who have had their information collected
0:Informed consent must be obtained prior to collecting, using, or disclosing personal information
0:Data collection must be limited to what is needed for the stated purpose of collection
0:Data collectors must provide security safeguards for all personal information collected
Q:What is device fingerprinting?
A:The process of collecting information about a device's software/hardware for the purpose of identification
0:Swabbing the device for traces of a hidden explosive as is done in airports
0:A method of unlocking your device using your fingerprint
0:Customizing a device with accessories so it is easy to visually identify as yours
Q:What is the biggest threat to current encryption schemes?
A:Quantum computing
0:Google
0:Smarter hackers
0:Foreign intelligence
Q:What makes quantum encryption so much stronger than current encryption schemes?
A:It is based on the laws of physics, which cannot be broken
0:It is based on even harder mathematical problems
0:It is new, so attackers haven't had enough time to figure out how to break it
0:It is top secret, so attackers don't even know how to attack it
Q:What is cryptojacking?
A:A malware that allows the attacker to mine cryptocurrency on the infected device
0:The act of stealing someone else's cryptocurrency
0:A cryptocurrency
0:Inflating the price of cryptocurrencies