Q:Which of these should you be MOST worried about when it comes to security threats?
A:Advertising companies
0:Organized Crime
0:Your neighbour
0:Terrorists
Q:What does the term "phishing" mean?
A:An attempt to trick someone into providing sensitive information, such as passwords or banking details
0:A pastime where people try to catch fish
0:When people post something on social media looking for attention
0:Another term for browsing the internet
Q:What is a common sign of phishing in an email/message?
A:Language that incites urgency
0:The sender uses your name
0:High quality images and logos
0:The sender's ID matches a known ID from who they claim to be
Q:Which of the following is the SAFEST practice when creating new passwords?
A:Use a different password for each account/website you use
0:Make sure it contains a word or number that has lots of meaning to you, like someone's name or birthday
0:Don't use more than 4 characters so that it's easy to remember
0:Write the password down on a piece of paper/sticky note that you keep near your device in case you forget it
Q:How can you protect yourself against a ransomware attack?
A:Backup your files regularly
0:Write down the names of all your files on a piece of paper
0:Keep some money saved up in case you ever have to pay to get your data back
0:Download a ransomware protector from a sketchy-looking website
Q:What is a common sign that you have a virus on your device?
A:Your device has slowed down or is working harder than normal
0:You feel like you are being watched while using your device
0:Your YouTube videos are only loading in 480p
0:Your internet connection isn't very strong
Q:What is the best way to protect yourself from malware?
A:Use an antivirus and scan your device regularly
0:Click on a pop-up telling you that your device has a virus
0:Never update your device in case the update contains malware
0:Put a password on your device
Q:How do you know if a website connection is secure?
A:Look for a lock icon or "https"
0:The website promises that it is
0:Look for ".com" in the url
0:The word "secure" appears in the url
Q:How can you stop websites from tracking your data?
A:Use a browser or browser extension that blocks website trackers
0:Use incognito/private browsing mode
0:Ask them not to
0:Only use web browsers from large companies like Google
Q:How can you stay safe on public Wi-Fi networks?
A:Avoid entering any sensitive information, such as credit card information
0:Treat it as if you were on your own private network
0:Cover your screen so no one can see what you're doing
0:Use incognito or private-browsing mode
Q:How can you protect your privacy on social media?
A:All of these are correct
0:Set your account to private
0:Disable the "geo-tagging" feature before posting photos
0:Don't enter any more personal information than is required
Q:What kind of information can a website collect about you?
A:All of these are correct
0:Location
0:Language
0:Device information
Q:Which of these is the best way to restrict access to your files/accounts/devices?
A:Use multi-factor authentication
0:Protect them with a password only
0:Only share passwords with people you trust
0:Physically secure them
Q:Which of these is a good practice to defend against identity thieves?
A:Shred any documents with your personal information before discarding them
0:Always use your SIN to identify yourself so that people know it's really you
0:Carry multiple credit cards in case you lose one
0:All of these are correct
Q:What is a common sign that you have become a victim of identity theft?
A:All of these are correct
0:Your bills aren't arriving when they are supposed to
0:Your bank contacts you about a new account that has been created in your name
0:Your bank account contains withdrawals and payments that you didn't make
Q:Which of these is the safest method of storing personal passwords?
A:Using a password manager
0:Using a notebook that you keep with you
0:Using an excel sheet on your device
0:Memorizing them and resetting them if you forget
Q:Which of these is the best practice when setting up your home router?
A:Change the default name and password for the router
0:Give it a funny name
0:Remove the password so that it is faster to connect to
0:Keep it in a room with a lock so that only you can physically access it
Q:How should you keep devices that are connected to the "Internet of Things" secure?
A:Set them up on a separate, secure Wi-Fi network
0:Connect them to the same network that all of your other devices are connected to
0:Devices connected to the "Internet of Things" are never secure
0:Keep them in a locked room that only you can physically access
Q:What is malware?
A:Software that is designed to inflict harm on a device
0:Software designed by a guy named Malcolm
0:Hardware that is no longer working as it should
0:Hardware that is designed to stop working after a certain amount of time
Q:Who is most commonly targeted by phishing schemes?
A:All of these are correct
0:Children
0:Senior Citizens
0:Businesses